chore: introduce new contibutor guide with triagers and committers (#2959)
asyncapi/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

    └───────────────────────┘
```

> Issues and pull requests without activity from the creator within 14 days will be automatically closed. However, closure does not mean rejection. If you wish to revisit a closed issue or pull request, feel free to open a new one referencing the closed item.

Reviewer: What if maintainers fail to acknowledge the issue within 14 days?

Author: I hope that never happens

so "automatically" I mean that triager or committer may automatically close the issue if it is not active

on our side

we could have maybe a sentence that if, let's say, there is no acknowledgement of maintainers in 7 or 14 days, they should use `/ptal` command. wdyt?

Reviewer: Yeah `/ptal` can be a good option for the author of the issue. Kindly add this information in the doc.

    └───────────────────────┘
```

> Issues and pull requests without activity from the creator within 14 days will be automatically closed by triager or committer. However, closure does not mean rejection. If you wish to revisit a closed issue or pull request, feel free to open a new one referencing the closed item.

Reviewer 2: minor change -
```suggestion
Issues and pull requests without activity from the creator within 14 days will be automatically closed by a triager or committer. However, closure does not mean rejection. If you wish to revisit a closed issue or pull request, feel free to open a new one referencing the closed item.
```

Issues and pull requests without activity from the triager or committer within 14 days may occure for many different reasons. Creator may use `/ptal` comment in the pull request to call out maintainers.

### Issues

> [Open an issue](https://github.com/asyncapi/asyncapi/issues/new) **only** if you want to report a bug or a feature. Don't open issues for questions or support, instead join our [AsyncAPI Slack workspace](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) and ask there. Don't forget to follow our [Slack Etiquette](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) while interacting with community members! It's more likely you'll get help, and much faster!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Open an issue](https://github.com/asyncapi/asyncapi/issues/new) **only** if you want to report a bug or a feature. Don't open issues for questions or support, instead join our [AsyncAPI Slack workspace](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) and post your queries in the relevant channels. Don't forget to follow our [Slack Etiquette](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) while interacting with community members! It's more likely you'll get help, and much faster!
```

### Bug Reports and Feature Requests

Please use our issues templates that provide you with hints on what information we need from you to help you out.

### Pull Requests

> **Please make sure you open an issue before starting with a Pull Request unless it's a typo or a really obvious error.** Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the specification. If there was no issue created first where maintainers discussed if a pull request is needed, the pull request may be rejected.

Reviewer 2: i feel this could be phrased better -
```suggestion
**Please make sure you open an issue before starting with a Pull Request unless it's a typo or a really obvious error.** Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the specification. If no issue was created first to discuss the need for a pull request, it may be rejected.
```

> Get familiar with our document that explains the [Git workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md) used in our repositories.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Following is a document you can use to get understand and get familiar with the [Git workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md) used in our repositories.
```

Reviewer 4: @TRohit20 can we re frame this line in some another way 😅

Author: yeah, tbh I don't think it is grammatically correct

Reviewer 4: @derberg I think we can skip this comment and merge the PR as it has been a long time since this is pending

## Conventional commits

Our repositories follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) specification.

Pull requests should have a title that follows the specification; otherwise, merging is blocked. If you are not familiar with the specification, simply ask maintainers to modify it. You can also use this cheatsheet if you want:

> - `fix: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is a bug fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `fix: ` prefix in the title indicates that the PR is a bug fix.
```
minor rephrase
same goes for all points in the list

> - `feat: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is a feature.

Reviewer 2: can the `the PR` change be applied for all points?

- `test: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is only related to tests.
- `refactor: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is only related to refactoring.

A prefix that follows specification is not enough. Remember that the title must be clear and descriptive with the usage of [imperative mood](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative).

Happy contributing! :heart:

## License

When you submit changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/asyncapi/asyncapi/blob/master/LICENSE) that covers the project. Feel free to [contact the maintainers](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) if that's a concern.

## Contribution recognition

We use the [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/specification) specification to handle recognitions. For more details read the [`recognize contributors` document](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/recognize-contributors.md).

## Maintainers setup

To streamline project management and facilitate onboarding, the maintainer's set up in the project includes two roles: `triager` and `committer`.

> There are also two separate areas of responsibility: docs and code. There can be a committer responsible for code only, and there can also be a triager responsible for docs only. There can also be a maintainer that holds all roles and participages in different areas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also two separate areas of responsibility: docs and code. There can be a committer responsible for code only, and there can also be a triager responsible for docs only. There can also be a maintainer that holds all roles and participates in different areas.
```
fixed typo

> We recognize that because of the size of the project and its complexity, areas of responsibility can also get more granular. For example, there can be a committer responsible for docs but only community docs or a committeer responsible only for project design. These exceptions are assessed and approved by project maintainers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recognize that because of the size of the project and its complexity, areas of responsibility can also get more granular. For example, there can be a committer responsible for docs but only community docs or a committer responsible only for project design. These exceptions are assessed and approved by project maintainers.
```
fixed typo

- `test: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is only related to tests and there is no need to trigger release.
- `refactor: ` prefix in the title indicates that PR is only related to refactoring and there is no need to trigger release.

> What about a MAJOR release? Just add `!` to the prefix, like `fix!: ` or `refactor!: `

Reviewer: We don't have any release process inside the website. Do we need this point?

Author: yup, you;re right - will remove once we also clarify other comments

To streamline project management and facilitate onboarding, the maintainer's set up in the project includes two roles: `triager` and `committer`.

There are also two separate areas of responsibility: docs and code. There can be a committer responsible for code only, and there can also be a triager responsible for docs only. There can also be a maintainer that holds all roles and participages in different areas.

We recognize that because of the size of the project and its complexity, areas of responsibility can also get more granular. For example, there can be a committer responsible for docs but only community docs or a committeer responsible only for project design. These exceptions are assessed and approved by project maintainers.

### Triager

Triagers are responsible for labeling, commenting, and assisting with issue and pull request management.

- Triagers assess newly-opened issues and pull requests.
- Responsibilities include labeling issues and pull requests, commenting, closing, and reopening items as needed, and assisting users and novice contributors.
- Triagers play a crucial role in enforcing the contributor guide and maintaining a clean backlog.

> - If a triager plans to become a committer, they should consult with existing committers to gradually gain more rights.

Reviewer: What should be the criteria for a triager to become a committer?

Author: I guess doing the work of a committer for some time?

not sure we are able to define, in the end someone has to gain trust of committer to become one - committer needs to be comfortable with another person to approve and merge

so committer, in theory knows triager from their work, and more or less know what knowledge they are missing and what they need to work on - help define next steps 🤔 

not sure if we are able to be more specific?

Reviewer: I think the clear point to become a committer from triager, is to take their stance, opinions or give suggestions on some of the critical issues in the repo, or being the part/mentor of any big/critical project idea inside `website`. In that way, other committers can find enough skills inside the required triager to become a committer. Moreover, the activity of triager also determines whether the person can be an active committer or not.
